docs: use backticks for code references in attachment page (#598)
getditto/docs: docs/common/datamodel/attachment.mdx

optional object.

Next, we call the `set()` function and pass the `DittoAttachment` object using the
`DittoMutableDocumentPath` instance, which links the `User` document object ID to the attachment
object and stores the attachment’s data bytes and metadata properties to the Small Peer. And then we
initialize the Ditto attachment object using `DittoAttachmentToken`, which we will call later to
fetch the attachment data asynchronously from either the Small Peer, if already fetched and
available from the local disk, or the peer-to-peer mesh network.

<Snippet language="swift" name='attachment-add-attachment-func'/>

Note that on the `User` model, the `avatarToken` variable is of type `DittoAttachmentToken`, yet we
call the `set()` function with a `DittoAttachment` object. This can be confusing. The `set()`
function, called with the attachment on a `DittoMutableDocumentPath` instance, causes the data bytes
of the attachment at the given file location to be stored in the Ditto database, along with the
metadata; the document property is initialized with a `DittoAttachmentToken` with which we will

> later fetch the attachment data asnynchronously from the p2p mesh, or from local storage if it has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
later fetch the attachment data asnynchronously from the peer-to-peer mesh, or from local storage if it has
```

Reviewer: To be consistent with line 58, previous.
